Interesting, how many womens are here?
Wagmi for the project.
Don't spam typical messages please...
Who have graduated in 2021?
Sayonara boy is the most loved (by me) musician.
Do you know smth about Gothem?)))
How will you interract with the project?
Don't use swear words in the chat please.
Who is from the CIS region here?
What's your favourite dish?
Updates will be in the announcment channel?
Such a strong project I agree. Yeah I missed the AMA as I had to go pick my girlfriend up I was so sad to miss it. Could you give me a recap on what they said? Play 2 earn is going to take over this year I think, super bullish on P2E projects like this one!
Omg i’ve been nft for 3 months! Im more noob than u… u manage to modding few projects! Thats a big accomplishment
Just finished my first cup of coffeeee, ready for another honestly. hbu?
Awesome that means everyone has a chance here
good luck guys
quick questions. are there a lot of pretty girls there looking for boyfriend?
Hello hello i hope you all happy to day
I appreciate your advices, thank you!
So many discords trying to get WL in it feels like a grind, but not necessarily in a bad way
I hope so too. If it's for me, it's really for me
This chat is insane hahah
we got this funny
Thank the team for their hard work. Come on!
congratulations to those who made it to the whitelist!
anyone know what fake mean om invites? is it bot ?
I wanna go to a snowboard vacation at Austria, I miss snowboarding so muchhhh
It was an honor to chat with you! Take care, I hope that the review will be completed as soon as possible. I can work harder for all of you this time.
Guys, do you want to boost server first?
Hahaha romantic and dramatic are two co occuring things hun
Target level 15 today!
Let's see how many people want mint. ? ? ? ? ?
love to see it bro, keep it up ??
yes. i wish i knew what software they used to make these so real looking.....cinema 4D?
Are you from the Netherlands? Because Haarlem is a city there ??
Are you as optimistic about this project as I am?
I just want a SAC - here for the project. Zero talents to give
It's a type of dance that originated in ancient Greece.
it's finally weekend and can spend time here!
There are alot scams out there, so the founders have creates a link for all the official sites that will be used so that it prevents and confusions. 📎│official-link
What is there on your dressing-table?
How is the study lighted?
keep grinding and keep the community hyped
no body cant answer to you
anyone know how likely whitelist is when your lvl 20+
man chat here moving really fast..
i have to go soon i hope i can stay a little longer to chat with you guys
im doing good how about you
Ha ha, nice to meet you
Where are you from, my friend
Super important project to be whitelisted for so keep pushing people
lets get it lads!! Keep spreading the positive vibes in the community! Help ech other out and don’t put others down!!!
wah that's long time for quarantine . me also like that if i go outside and coming back must do quarantine 10days and must pay hotel so exp
seems slowed down
youll see the positive comments on this project
The atmosphere is great here, everyone is polite and friendly daamn
havent seen you in a while
For now, just relax. The decision-making power belongs to the founder.
J'aime cette belle communauté.
are you ready for the 12th? linked wallet and got some eth for the drop? better be prepared
hungry right now
I cant wait for the casinos
How are you today? I'm just hanging out with my dog. He's my best friend.
I was wondering if the infringement would be out of print, hahaha, and then the fire broke out.
Continue to refuel, let's be active together
hello lords how has your day been?
Did anyone get the white list from Germany? He's so lucky
Please guys be a diamond hands i want my lambo !
the artist is hella talented
How old are your parents?
Don't you think this avatar is cool
Has anyone already gotten a whitelist so quickly?
I was wondering if the infringement would be out of print, hahaha, and then the fire broke out.
any italians here? asking because we dont have a chat for them
If you think it's great, invite your friends to join
I've always been active here
Don't stay up all night, it hurts your body all night, and you can't make up for your sleep.
like the vibe with everyone, really positive. keep that going so that we can build the strongest community in the space......this is where all the gains will be and makes it a much better experience being part of the project. keep it up guys
how did you hear frm this project? i heard it from instagram and i am so glad i joined
so grateful to have such a great group of people in my life.
Grind until your fingers bleed! This project is fckn awesome so don’t put your phone away!
I ask you again, put the phones on the table, go to my profile, you can go by poking my Nick, there are 2 links to Art, I hope you like them
lets make 2022 the best year ever!!!!kick it off on jan 12th with this fantastic project and lets see us rise to the moon.......together
yea man! Lets do this guys!! We are one, we are a community!!
50+ invites for wl?
do you like anime?